`		CM`  Thoughts

1)	Whatever you do repeatedly eventually becomes a new habit.
2)	Man becomes a slave to his constantly repeated acts. What he at first chooses,
	at last compels.
3)	“Thoughts lead on to purposes; purposes go forth in action; actions form habits;
	  habits decide character; and character fixes our destiny.” (Tryon Edwards)
4) 	Rule number
		one: Don’t lose money. Rule number two: If ever you feel tempted, refer 
		back to	rule number one, “don’t lose money.”
	
		Poem I love it
	
	“If you think you are beaten, you are,
	 If you think you dare not, you don’t
	 If you like to win, but you think you can’t,
	 It is almost certain you won’t.
	“If you think you’ll lose, you’re lost
	 For out of the world we find,
	 Success begins with a fellow’s will-
	 It’s all in the state of mind.
	“If you think you are outclassed, you are,
 	 You’ve got to think high to rise,
	 You’ve got to be sure of yourself before
	 You can ever win a prize.
	“Life’s battles don’t always go
	 To the stronger or faster man,
	 But soon or late the man who wins
	 Is the man WHO THINKS HE CAN!”
	 
*    Confidance come from conviction
books Read:
	 
	1) Million dollar habbits:- (Brain tracy)
 		law of attraction,self esteem,alwasys be postive never ever negavtive think,law of emotion.
  	  habbit of keep your mind focus.your potential is unimited.
	2) Power of positive thinking:- (peale)
		Make a god as partner in evry problem this will solve without worry always pray.
		when u think positive with full power then god will help you to acuve it and you become happy and 			sucessfull.
	3)	Think and grow rich :(Napolian hill)
		:- Never give up on your dream
		:-Desire-the starting point of all achivments,
		EVERY FAILURE BRINGS WITH IT THE SEED OF AN EQUIVALENT SUCCESS.
	4)	Eat that frog :- brian tracy
		:- 7 parts
		1) Decide exactly what you want.
		2) Write it down.
		3)Set a deadline on your goal. Set sub-deadlines if necessary.
 		4) Make a list of everything that you can think of that you are going to have to do to achieve your 			goal.
 		5)Step Five: Organize the list into a plan.
  		6)Step Six: Take action on your plan immediately.
 		7)Resolve to do something every single day that moves you toward your major goal.
 		  "There will never be enough time to do everything you have to do."
 		  "What one skill, if I developed and did it in an excellent fashion, would have the greatest 			positive impact on my career?"
	5) 7-habit of highly effective people:-
		"Search your own heart with all diligence for out of it flow the issues of life."
		Habit 1: Be Proactive
		Habit 2: Begin with the End in Mind TM

	6) Rich dad poor dad:-
 		Never save money invest them all
        7) Beyond positive thinking
        
	8) How to make peoplle like you:-
		first impression,hand shaking body language
